the word that came to Jeremiah from the
the word that came to Jeremiah from the Lord thus speaks the Lord God of Israel
Lord thus speaks the Lord God of Israel
Lord thus speaks the Lord God of Israel saying write in a book for yourself all
saying write in a book for yourself all
saying write in a book for yourself all the words that I have spoken to you for
the words that I have spoken to you for
the words that I have spoken to you for behold the days are coming that I will
behold the days are coming that I will
behold the days are coming that I will bring back from captivity my people
bring back from captivity my people
bring back from captivity my people Israel and Judah and I will cause them
Israel and Judah and I will cause them
Israel and Judah and I will cause them to return to the land that I gave to
to return to the land that I gave to
to return to the land that I gave to their fathers and they shall possess it
their fathers and they shall possess it
their fathers and they shall possess it now these are the words that the Lord
now these are the words that the Lord
now these are the words that the Lord spoke concerning Israel and Judah for
spoke concerning Israel and Judah for
spoke concerning Israel and Judah for thus says the Lord
thus says the Lord
thus says the Lord we have heard a voice of trembling of
we have heard a voice of trembling of
we have heard a voice of trembling of fear in lot of peace ask now and see
fear in lot of peace ask now and see
fear in lot of peace ask now and see whether a man as ever in labor with
whether a man as ever in labor with
whether a man as ever in labor with child so why do I see every man with his
child so why do I see every man with his
child so why do I see every man with his hands on his loins like a woman in labor
hands on his loins like a woman in labor
hands on his loins like a woman in labor and all faces turned pale alas for that
and all faces turned pale alas for that
and all faces turned pale alas for that day is great so that none is like it and
day is great so that none is like it and
day is great so that none is like it and it is the time of Jacob's trouble but he
it is the time of Jacob's trouble but he
it is the time of Jacob's trouble but he shall be saved out of it for it shall
shall be saved out of it for it shall
shall be saved out of it for it shall come to pass in that day says the Lord
come to pass in that day says the Lord
come to pass in that day says the Lord of Hosts that I will break his yoke from
of Hosts that I will break his yoke from
of Hosts that I will break his yoke from your neck and will burst your bonds
your neck and will burst your bonds
your neck and will burst your bonds foreigners shall no more enslave them
foreigners shall no more enslave them
foreigners shall no more enslave them but they shall serve the Lord their God
but they shall serve the Lord their God
but they shall serve the Lord their God and David their King whom I will raise
and David their King whom I will raise
and David their King whom I will raise up for them therefore do not fear o my
up for them therefore do not fear o my
up for them therefore do not fear o my servant Jacob says the Lord nor be
servant Jacob says the Lord nor be
servant Jacob says the Lord nor be dismayed of Israel for behold I will
dismayed of Israel for behold I will
dismayed of Israel for behold I will save you from afar and your seed from
save you from afar and your seed from
save you from afar and your seed from the land of their captivity Jacob shall
the land of their captivity Jacob shall
the land of their captivity Jacob shall return have rest and be quiet and no one
return have rest and be quiet and no one
return have rest and be quiet and no one shall make him afraid for I am with you
shall make him afraid for I am with you
shall make him afraid for I am with you says the Lord to save you though I make
says the Lord to save you though I make
says the Lord to save you though I make a full end of all nations where I have
a full end of all nations where I have
a full end of all nations where I have scattered you yet I will not make a
scattered you yet I will not make a
scattered you yet I will not make a complete end of you
complete end of you
complete end of you but I will correct you in justice and
but I will correct you in justice and
but I will correct you in justice and will not let you go all together
will not let you go all together
will not let you go all together unpunished for thus says the Lord your
unpunished for thus says the Lord your
unpunished for thus says the Lord your affliction is incurable your wound is
affliction is incurable your wound is
affliction is incurable your wound is severe there is no one to plead your
severe there is no one to plead your
severe there is no one to plead your cause that you may be bound up you have
cause that you may be bound up you have
cause that you may be bound up you have no healing medicines all your lovers
no healing medicines all your lovers
no healing medicines all your lovers have forgotten you they do not seek you
have forgotten you they do not seek you
have forgotten you they do not seek you for I have wounded you with the wound of
for I have wounded you with the wound of
for I have wounded you with the wound of an enemy with the chastisement of a
an enemy with the chastisement of a
an enemy with the chastisement of a cruel one for the multitude of your
cruel one for the multitude of your
cruel one for the multitude of your iniquities because your sins have
iniquities because your sins have
iniquities because your sins have increased why do you cry about your
increased why do you cry about your
increased why do you cry about your affliction your sorrow is incurable
affliction your sorrow is incurable
affliction your sorrow is incurable because of the multitude of your
because of the multitude of your
because of the multitude of your iniquities because your sins have
iniquities because your sins have
iniquities because your sins have increased I have done these things to
increased I have done these things to
increased I have done these things to you therefore all those who devour you
you therefore all those who devour you
you therefore all those who devour you shall be devoured and all your
shall be devoured and all your
shall be devoured and all your adversaries every one of them shall go
adversaries every one of them shall go
adversaries every one of them shall go into captivity those who plunder you
into captivity those who plunder you
into captivity those who plunder you shall become plunder and all who prey
shall become plunder and all who prey
shall become plunder and all who prey upon you I will make a pray for I will
upon you I will make a pray for I will
upon you I will make a pray for I will restore health to you and heal you of
restore health to you and heal you of
restore health to you and heal you of your wounds because they called you an
your wounds because they called you an
your wounds because they called you an outcast saying this is Zion no one seeks
outcast saying this is Zion no one seeks
outcast saying this is Zion no one seeks power thus says the Lord behold I will
power thus says the Lord behold I will
power thus says the Lord behold I will bring back the captivity of Jacobs tents
bring back the captivity of Jacobs tents
bring back the captivity of Jacobs tents and have mercy on his dwelling places
and have mercy on his dwelling places
and have mercy on his dwelling places the city shall be built upon its own
the city shall be built upon its own
the city shall be built upon its own mound and the palace shall remain
mound and the palace shall remain
mound and the palace shall remain according to its own plan
according to its own plan
according to its own plan then out of them shall proceed
then out of them shall proceed
then out of them shall proceed Thanksgiving and the voice of those who
Thanksgiving and the voice of those who
Thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry I will multiply them and they
make merry I will multiply them and they
make merry I will multiply them and they shall not diminish I will also glorify
shall not diminish I will also glorify
shall not diminish I will also glorify them and they shall not be small their
them and they shall not be small their
them and they shall not be small their children also shall be as before and
children also shall be as before and
children also shall be as before and their congregation shall be established
their congregation shall be established
their congregation shall be established before me and I will punish all who
before me and I will punish all who
before me and I will punish all who oppress them their nobles shall be from
oppress them their nobles shall be from
oppress them their nobles shall be from among them and their governor shall come
among them and their governor shall come
among them and their governor shall come from their midst
from their midst
from their midst then I will cause him to draw near and
then I will cause him to draw near and
then I will cause him to draw near and he shall approach me for who is this who
he shall approach me for who is this who
he shall approach me for who is this who pledged his heart to approach me you
pledged his heart to approach me you
pledged his heart to approach me you shall be my people and I will be your
shall be my people and I will be your
shall be my people and I will be your God behold the whirlwind of the Lord
God behold the whirlwind of the Lord
God behold the whirlwind of the Lord goes forth with fury a continuing
goes forth with fury a continuing
goes forth with fury a continuing whirlwind it will fall violently on the
whirlwind it will fall violently on the
whirlwind it will fall violently on the head of the wicked the fierce anger of
head of the wicked the fierce anger of
head of the wicked the fierce anger of the Lord will not return until he has
the Lord will not return until he has
the Lord will not return until he has done it and until he has performed the
done it and until he has performed the
done it and until he has performed the intents of his heart in the latter days
intents of his heart in the latter days
intents of his heart in the latter days you will consider it
you will consider it
you will consider it [Music]